hi Steph Hey
this oil ofin shoes reporting in
Isabella's bathroom today
Isabella's burning the camera don't know
what I'm speaking in an accent notice my
ring did you yes my best friend's best
for moving of zooming in these not
moving it's the Bella Tiana and McKenzie
and Amy which was not here she left to
go home and do things on her laptop or
breed sorry
well it was actually gonna do it yeah
you want me to me and Isabella are these
two don't how do you think I think
they're gonna barf
and okay
okay because the and our guest star
tiene are doing it now wait wait someone
go sideways someone go first
McKenzie okay tanner tanner go papers
Mackenzie go first suppose there's no
why don't you go first
okay me hands he go go let's go you've
done this before
yeah do it Jamuna going is it gross